Bunch of small improvements to static pages (#55)
cruise-automation/webviz: README.md

# Webviz [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/cruise-automation/webviz.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cruise-automation/webviz)

> **Webviz** is a collection of web-based visualization tools, created to support building autonomous vehicles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Webviz** is a web-based application for playback and visualization of [ROS](http://www.ros.org/) [bag files](http://wiki.ros.org/Bags). This repository also contains some libraries that can be used independently to build web-based visualization tools.
```
